i am the rubber was invited do you speak no
ok you were invited you say you can't my birthday and it's true i
I got it, I'm lying. Okay, hi, good night.
in Brasilia on March 19 7 pm two days from now
there will be a love party here at home right attention press will have a party here
at home my birthday me and my wife and two daughters or will I
I'm forbidden to and to do this expensive party it was always
so I never had a birthday celebration, right, because I don’t have
opportunity I don’t really like it’s okay come on
the last now I just finished training the gift of segovia our
our admiral do you like president of pepsi who tested positive for coronavirus
I asked him if he was feeling anything said nothing nothing all normal
his life must be 55 years old a little bit
i started now with general heleno who has been denying 74 years is in the room
the day that the coronavirus was positive, he’s feeling already, he said nothing
I just finished 50 minutes on the bike, ok, so is Admiral Benedict
that the minister of mines and energy
and it’s also tingling sure that the surgery I talked to him today feeling
something and I wanted to work just at home here okay
logically for some people in the square people if they hadn’t done the
test would be working transmitting the virus to someone obviously a but not
you know he doesn't know he was doing this transmission from the glass to
some older people who have other problems the infection becomes
serious and in very few cases it can lead to death so the concern
government exists but I want to see you next that tomorrow at 22 and 30 on Saturday I
I recorded an interview for a little over an hour for the mouse so I said
a lot that will air tomorrow so I’m not going to go into too much detail here
coronavirus issue, because tomorrow if god wants it will
the father is there in the mouse program and it will be bigger quite short today
maybe we for the concierge here we close here the borders of Brazil right
right i will say the name of the journalist she will say that aggression right but
right for a journalist and we don't close with chile we look for a way to
closing the border with chile will not be possible was not possible ok we did not find the
border with chile taking a journalist then said that he wanted wanted
know why they squeezed it wasn't closed at the coching border it wasn't
because here comes the straining power, we have no border, so these measures that help
to prevent it a little bit from the road
possibly infected people in brazil although the work of all
countries at the moment is to lengthen the infection curve because if it’s too fast it’s
we don’t have the means to attend the hospitals, it’s with equipment and we know that
although it is a small portion of the population that will be subject to this
but half acquire the gyrations and don’t even know about this other half that
left over is almost 80 eighty percent according to statistical data
have some kind of symptom and only around five percent and even then
a smaller percentage of that after that that takes the older ones who will
have some more serious problem but again we are taking the steps
all is applicable mine works does not take panic
and the Brazilian population is fine tomorrow if god wants in the mouse program
more information about that so we close the border we are concerned
is that of venezuela in pacaraíma city is a dry border ok it is not easy
you you close a border like that because I don't have any accidents there
There are no rivers and it is difficult but we will do our best to comply
this role since a presidential determination we’re not just closing here
with uruguay because we are in common agreement looking for a way to
do here what matters is the two countries and i'm sure it took new
president is that agreement and if it was nicely stitched a
the price of gasoline is just always complaining with very high reason I will not dispute
with no one here just inform for today the gasoline dropped the seven and
half a percent at the refinery seven and a half percent diesel dropped twelve percent
today at the refinery and the gas that gas you consume at home there five percent
from january to january until now we are basically completing
80 almost 80 days and gasoline dropped by thirty percent
so whoever is putting out gasoline the first january r $ 5 should be in
around three 50 ok diesel has spent almost 30 also 29 percent and gas
eight percent and the federal government does its part up
because it is not an imposition of the government to reduce the price of fuel this is
a petrobras policy varies the price of oil abroad by more or less
less not instantly, right, because it has to be diluted over
some days the same percentage falls here in Brazil too, so repeating here
gasoline in refineries low thirty percent in the year looks at diesel 29 and gas from
cooks eight percent and also those who like loans there
decrease in interest rate for retirees who paycheck-deductible loan
went from 2.08 to 1.8 also a little bit more from me 1.8 percent per month
oh this is it four times five times right, more or less the present fraction
of the month, more good news for those who have a loan, then he started to
question of helping here the largely unemployed 200
employees is what is in the informality was already in the informality and lost its
job I had the week that the present in the union of bars and restaurants spoke
that this sector employs approximately 6 million people
hi and most of them are people who are informal, so the government
did everything possible ok and to meet then it is these people among other informal
other professions will be more or less 20 million people I don't have much more
much more than that in informality but they will not lose a job 20 minutes
and the one decided so far has all 200 ml per person you four billion a month
because this measure is worth three months, but for those who have nothing
help and this is where we can go and say stay very clear a large part
we can only be able to attend because the congress approved our
request to declare a state of calamity, that is, the government can spend more than
the ceiling, right, is that provided for in the specific legislation then it is the moment that the
people will extrapolate time and we will not respond according to the law of
fiscal sidewalks ie thanks to the congressional decision we can
to spend a little more and serve those who now need several other measures
are being announced is the government of paulo war has to work 26 years and
I'm kind of a team in that sense, right? We have taken notice and the measures
are being implemented in waiting for you think that three months this crisis right
this peak of the virus he and he improves to improve and and from a
six seven months more or less the countries right brazil in this case goes back to normal
here look and the Bolsa Família collection we include
more than a million beneficiaries quite a lot of people I know that a good social project
the one who takes people away, right, but in the moment of crisis, I start there
complicated to make the sieve because the number of cities increases and rightly so
jesus meet a million more people at the family purse but something nothing
the UK is doing the first human medicine test
united states released right drug with potential for treaty
and the coronavirus is an Israeli authority conventions they think that in the
within a month the possibility exists and a one month period israel has a one
vaccine for the colonel saw if god wants it to end it happened right always asking
to god there that may bless our country help us there to face this problem
ok but if god wants Israel again
who can help us is that evil that has caused damage
very large, especially in countries where the population is much older with
example to go to the population of italy selic rate yesterday four point pastor
25 to 3.75 minus half a center england went to 0.1 percent to
interest rate was already down to 0.1 percent this here right each
percent the selic rate saves you just over 30 billion a year from
interest for him ju ok so this is welcome here is for Brazil now there is no
doubt that there was a tremendous one the balance in the economy did not
I'm from Brazil with the whole world and what I expected to grow this year
unfortunately we will not achieve this goal
is one more thing is is is quite a few some authorities
states are taking action the complaint sense has been praise
also but I make it clear that the medicine when it is in excess may not do
well to the patient, right, with his supermarket floor wanting to close the portus
wanting to put a barrier on the border between states by closing gyms at
economy has to work ok because otherwise people will not
stay at home and eat there out of nowhere you have to look for ways to survive and
if the job is missing I lack the bread at home and the problems and your personal cake
sorry, the time is the moment if we have a friend on the 7th death here in
Brazil I regret it is starting tomorrow I want to speak to the Ministry of Health
so that all eyes, right, I can make available the logically the name
we preserve it there because the age of the person who suffered from
some problem and obviously in being infected you know to what extent the virus does not
influenced this death or that person was already in the situation quite
complicated by old age and also the health problem thank you guys
tomorrow at 22 and 30 sbt mouse a hug to all and until next Thursday